Add contributing guide (#21)
omnivector-solutions/osd-documentation: contributing.rst

`rsTructuredText Primer <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/basics.html#sections>`_
document::

   =================
   This is a heading
   =================

   This is a section
   =================

   This is a subsection
   --------------------

   This is a subsubsection
   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

   This is a subsubsubsection
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Naming conventions
------------------

Throughout the documentation and code (specially in logs), we stick to these
naming conventions with regards to Slurm:

``SLURM``
   Schedmd Slurm project.

``slurmXXXd``
   The daemons for the Slurm component.

   For example, ``slurmd`` refers to the daemon for the compute nodes, while
   ``slurmctld`` refers to the daemon for the controller node.

``Slurm``
   Omnivector charms.

Code
====

OSD source-code is hosted in GitHub repositories. All the charms are in
`omnivector-solutions/slurm-charms <https://github.com/omnivector-solutions/slurm-charms>`_,
and a common code shared among them, called ``slurm-ops-mananger``, is hosted at
`omnivector-solutions/slurm-ops-manager <https://github.com/omnivector-solutions/slurm-ops-manager>`_.

> By contributing with code development, you agree the license used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By contributing to the slurm-charms project or affiliated code you are implicitly agreeing to the license used, MIT.
```

Author: We should also have a `Legal` section in the docs, what do you think?
